# assignment2-Sahiri
# Naina 
###### Hyderabad

The Hyderabadi cuisine is an amalgamation of Mughal, Turkish, and Arabic along with the influence of the native Telugu and Marathwada cuisines. <br>Hyderabadi cuisine comprises a broad repertoire of rice, wheat and meat dishes and the skilled use of various spices, herbs and natural edibles.

**Northwest Missouri State University**
---
# Directions to Hyderabad Biryani House
1. The airport nearer to Biryani House is Rajiv Gandhi International Airport.
2. After departing from the airport drive on to NH31.
3. Drive for 7 miles.
4. Take a exit at NH13.
5. After driving for 5 miles you can find Hyderabad Biryani House on the right.

### MENU
1. Starters
    - Kabab
    - Veg Manchuria
    - Pepper Chicken
    - Grilled Chicken
    - Chicken Drumsticks
    
2. Main Course
    - Veg Biryani
    - Mutton Biryani
    - Chicken Biryani
    - Prawns Biryani
    - Egg Biryani

3. Deserts
    - Sizzling Brownie
    - Coffee pecan streusel cake
    - Mint macarons
    - Chocolate icecream
    - Gulab jamun

4. Drinks
    - Coke
    - Sprite
    - Sherry
    - Coffee
    - Tea

**[Add](AboutMe.md)**

---
## Sports
Table describes about sports. It has three columns. First column is name of the sport. Second column is location where you can participate in the sport. Third column is amount of money expected to pay for personal equipment.

| Sport Name | Location | Amount Payable |
|------------|----------|----------------|
|Sprint Race |Lbnagar Stadium|$200|
|Javelin|Uppal Stadium|$150|
|Tug of War|Bearcat Stadium|$300|
|High Jump|Bearcat Arena|$100|

---
# Pithy Quotes 
>"When you do not know what to choose, show total involvement in everything."
-*Sadhguru*.

>"The fear is simply because you are not living with life, you are living in your mind."
-*Sadhguru*.
---
# Code Fencing
In combinatorial mathematics, the Prüfer sequence (also Prüfer code or Prüfer numbers) of a labeled tree is a unique sequence associated with the tree. The sequence for a tree on n vertices has length n − 2, and can be generated by a simple iterative algorithm. Prüfer sequences were first used by Heinz Prüfer to prove Cayley's formula in 1918.
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pr%C3%BCfer_sequence>
```
vector<vector<int>> adj;

vector<int> pruefer_code() {
    int n = adj.size();
    set<int> leafs;
    vector<int> degree(n);
    vector<bool> killed(n, false);
    for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
        degree[i] = adj[i].size();
        if (degree[i] == 1)
            leafs.insert(i);
    }

    vector<int> code(n - 2);
    for (int i = 0; i < n - 2; i++) {
        int leaf = *leafs.begin();
        leafs.erase(leafs.begin());
        killed[leaf] = true;

        int v;
        for (int u : adj[leaf]) {
            if (!killed[u])
                v = u;
        }

        code[i] = v;
        if (--degree[v] == 1)
            leafs.insert(v);
    }

    return code;
}
```
<https://cp-algorithms.com/graph/pruefer_code.html>